as we know Richard Dawkins is
very outspoken about the
religiosity in the world and
atheism and he wants to convince
people to think logically
perhaps on the assumption that
if you do then you won't think
religiously perhaps I i don't
know if it's that easy
and when he dropped by my office
i snared an interview with him
for a star talk
the first thing we discussed was
the capacity of the human mind
to think logically as check it
out
does anyone subject that the
most number of people say I was
never good at insert a topic
it's going to be math and so I
say to myself if our brain were
wired for logical thinking that
math would be everyone's easiest
subject and everything else will
be harder so i have i'm kind of
forced to conclude that our
brain is not wired for logic
many many people are extremely
illogical but and the other way
to configure along just fine
life but i think is an
interesting . the job and our
wild ancestors needing to
survive in the in the presence
of lions and drought and famine
and things you think logic would
be pretty important to survive
haha
even if not mathematics that
mean well it could be maybe
early people who said oh there's
a creature there with big teeth
let me investigate first
yeah i mean in a way that's
right now and certainly little
scientific is it is a bad thing
curiosity doesn't always work
and my eye I had a cousin as
that was a little by put his
finger in the limit in the mains
and got a shock they did it
again just to make sure you the
real scientist but not very good
for survival